---
categories: info
# tags: 
---

## Leadership and God?
Zuerst kommt das englische Original, unten findet sich die [deutsche Version](#deutsch). Dazwischen kommen ein paar [Bilder](#bilder).

---
**Sum-up:** What significance does the question of god have concerning leadership? Get to know about my most foundational belief, and the two pillars of leadership.

---

Last time we concluded that the
> goal of a good leader should be to bring people together, not to divide them.

How then can leaders serve to bring people together? Why might this also be important for non-leaders? The answer lies in: values. And we remember these big words: Wisdom, "So help me God"?

Let me give you some statements that you might have already heard:
* Leadership has much to do with _influence_.
* Everyone – and that includes _You_ – has influence: in your own life (e.g. use of leisure time), and in others' lives (e.g. behaviour towards other people). 
* Leaders in a _position_ have _(positional) power_, for example over budgets, employees, and decisions.
* Power and influence are not the same. "Power _demands_ respect. Influence _inspires_ respect." (Callum Thomas, Principal of the Bible school Capernwray Australia)
Being aware of both your power and your influence are necessary to use them wisely.

**You yourself must decide: What do you use your power and influence for? For your own good, or for the good of others? Do you try to find a balance? Take a moment to think about this. What do you use your power and influence for, for yourself, or for others?**
